README.md, before:

# TYPO3 Extension "DB Rector"

## Disclaimer
It is recommended to **NOT run this** extension **in productive environments**!

## Installation

This **extension must be installed via composer**, e.g. `composer req —dev creifenscheid/db-rector`, to install typo3-rector and get it running.  You can download it from the [TYPO3 Extension Repository](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/db_rector/), but it still has to be installed via composer.

## What does it do
This extension is an adapter to run typo3-rector in the TYPO3 backend to refactor typoscript stored in sys_template.config.

## Features
- backend module to
  - view all typoscript stored in the db
  - run typo3-rector on single db entries
  - Review the result of the typo3-rector process (incl. diff view)
  - apply typo3-rector result to the corresponding sys_template record
  - roll back the original typoscript
- security
  - backend module is only active in TYPO3 context „development“ by default

### Note
If the sys_template record has been adjusted after the rector process or the applying of the rector result, the corresponding rector model is going to be reset.<br>
So the updated sys_template typoscript can be processed again.

### Known working setups

* DDEV based environments

### Known not working setups

* MacOS + MAMP

## Configuration
### Extension configuration
| Parameter | Default | Optional | Description                                                                  |
|:----------|:--------|:---------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ignoreTYPO3Context|false|yes| If set to true, the context of the TYPO3 installation is going to be ignored - this is not recommended |

### Rector configuration
To configure typo3-rector a file named rector.php is required.<br>
This file is generated more or less automatically.<br>
There is some sort of „template“, which is copied into the working folder.<br>
<br>
Since just typoscript refactoring is needed, the rector config file is kept small and simple.<br>
<br>
The following configuration parameter are defined dynamically:

| Parameter  | Value(s)                                                                                                   | Description                           |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| phpVersion | The php version of the TYPO3 installation                                                                  | target version to support             |
| sets       | 2 defined "UP_TO_TYPO3" sets<ul><li>the previous TYPO3 version</li><li>the current TYPO3 version</li></ul> | Rule sets to run on the target code |

## Support
I don't want your money or anything else.
I am doing this for fun, with heart and to improve my coding skills.
Constructive critisism is very welcome.
If you want to contribute, feel free to do so.
Thank you!

Commit message:

[TASK] Fractor
Replaces typo3-rector with typo3-fractor

README.md, after:

# TYPO3 Extension "DB Rector"

## Disclaimer
It is recommended to **NOT run this** extension **in productive environments**!

## Installation

This **extension must be installed via composer**, e.g. `composer req —dev creifenscheid/db-rector`, to install typo3-fractor and get it running.  You can download it from the [TYPO3 Extension Repository](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/db_rector/), but it still has to be installed via composer.

## What does it do
This extension is an adapter to run typo3-fractor in the TYPO3 backend to refactor typoscript stored in sys_template.config.

## Features
- backend module to
  - view all typoscript stored in the db
  - run typo3-fractor on single db entries
  - Review the result of the typo3-fractor process (incl. diff view)
  - apply typo3-fractor result to the corresponding sys_template record
  - roll back the original typoscript
- security
  - backend module is only active in TYPO3 context „development“ by default

### Note
If the sys_template record has been adjusted after the fractor process or the applying of the fractor result, the corresponding fractor model is going to be reset.<br>
So the updated sys_template typoscript can be processed again.

### Known working setups

* DDEV based environments

### Known not working setups

* MacOS + MAMP

## Configuration
### Extension configuration
| Parameter | Default | Optional | Description                                                                  |
|:----------|:--------|:---------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ignoreTYPO3Context|false|yes| If set to true, the context of the TYPO3 installation is going to be ignored - this is not recommended |

### Rector configuration
To configure typo3-fractor a file named fractor.php is required.<br>
This file is generated more or less automatically.<br>
There is some sort of „template“, which is copied into the working folder.<br>
<br>
Since just typoscript refactoring is needed, the fractor config file is kept small and simple.<br>
<br>
The following configuration parameter are defined dynamically:

| Parameter  | Value(s)                                                                                                   | Description                           |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| phpVersion | The php version of the TYPO3 installation                                                                  | target version to support             |
| sets       | 2 defined "UP_TO_TYPO3" sets<ul><li>the previous TYPO3 version</li><li>the current TYPO3 version</li></ul> | Rule sets to run on the target code |

## Support
I don't want your money or anything else.
I am doing this for fun, with heart and to improve my coding skills.
Constructive critisism is very welcome.
If you want to contribute, feel free to do so.
Thank you!
